"First dealings, happy New Year's everyone, happy and very peaceful New Year's, any of which, very
peaceful, and today is a very beautiful day, of course, we all know it is New Year's, and so I'm
going to do some prayers. I really wish everyone had a happy and peaceful and healthy and
prosperous joy and then increasing of the body together."
"According to the directive teacher, Buddha Chaturmani, in the astral, as all the lineage masters
say, the practitioners to keep up the body together is really the foundation of the dharma and
spiritual, and the foundation of all good things that we want in the world is body together.
So keeping up the body together and preserving that with courage and commitment and blessings, I
think all the wonders and beautiful that we expect really will come.
According to the teaching, there is also awareness about that, and the body that is called
terminology of Buddhism, but also is breakdown to simplify, is compassion. Kindness, compassion,
thinking of all the living beings and then activating that action with joy, peace, and respect and
appreciation.
So that is really what is the practices and to me, I wish that all of us that we really increase
the body together.
We all want peace and happiness, joy, and that is same. There is no difference, regardless of
whatever the form and situation or language, color, you speak, I think everyone really want that.
And that is to bring that quality, is the body together or the compassion, with all the boundaries.
That's really teaching. And it's true, we can work together, ourself.
So I just really want to open that. In that context, I'm going to do some prayers which everyone
really wants peace, happiness, and freedom, non-violence, and aggression, and all the disease, pain
, and really so many difficult troubles that are kind of activating.
And besides that, of course, we all have some challenges, so I really pray of these, and you can
join with my prayers, so you basically, whenever you already know these prayers.
So I'm going to pray to the three duels, Buddha, Dhamma, Sangha, and Buddha, Chakra, Mani, Baraka,
Mahasambha, and Dara. And that's what really I want to do that.
All of us, we call it, okay? It's not something that I'm the talker and you say, "Oh, I'm the same
." We're all the same, actually, most difficult, really the same, and so therefore we pray this,
okay?
(Singing in Dharan)
Thank you, everyone. Thank you very much, everyone. Thank you. And thank you very much to everyone
who participated in this celebration of the New Year.
It's really wonderful. We all had a perfect practice and meditated as much as we came to our best
capabilities, reaching good things to everyone, which is really wonderful.
Thank, okay. Again, everyone, I will say, "Happy New Year" for all the Fachidele. Fachidele, all
year long, and forever Fachidele. Thank you. Fachidele, best wishes.
Thank you. Thank you.